This video we'll be installing the code light ID or integrated development environment on the Ubuntu
Linux platform code like is a free open source cross-platform.
Ideally that works with C++ and it works across Windows Linux as well as Mac.
So we'll start by opening up your favorite browser and going to code light that c o d e I t DRG and
you'll get a web page similar to this and you want to find a download link.
Now there's one at the top menu.
There's also this big blue button here.
That's the one I'm going to use.
So I'm just going to select Code like to download and you can give a contribution to the developers
if you wish or you can go straight to the downloads which is what I'll do here.
Now we're we're going to download code like 11.0 which is a stable release and we're going to download
this for Ubuntu.
Now you can see here you've got a Windows Installer Noas 10 installer and so forth and you can refer
to those videos if that's the platform you're on.
But this specific video is for butu Linux so you can see here it says set up code like repository for
Ubuntu that's the one I'm going to select a word of caution.
These commands are run as super user as you can see here with a.
So be very careful when you type things and make sure you're typing things exactly correctly.
What I'm doing is I'm not even going to type I'm simply going to copy and paste.
That way I know that I'm making no mistakes.
OK.
So first step is to copy this one line right here.
And basically what we've got to do is a lot of information on this page regarding official and unofficial
and so forth and I'll show you the one that worked great for me.
So what we're going to do is we're going to copy this line of code here then we're going to copy this
line of code here.
And the version I've got is email universe so that's the one I'm going to.
Sixteen point zero for about two.
So that's the one I'm going to choose.
And then we're going to do a couple more lines and that's it.
Now the install takes quite a while.
The last time I did this install it was about 10 minutes 15 minutes on my machine.
So I'm going to pause the video as the install happens and we're going to do the installing a terminal
window so you can see the terminal windows here.
I've opened it up so I'm going to make this just a little smaller so we can do both at once.
You can see what's going on.
OK.
Perfect.
So let's get started.
Let's copy this first line right here and I'm going to copy and paste it over here.
Press enter and it's going to ask you for your password.
Obviously you have to have root access or be super user to install this code.
So I want to press enter.
And that takes care of the first line.
I'm going to scroll down and get the second line now.
Make sure that you replace this string here with the correct distribution of your bunch of mine is Zino
So that's when I'm going to use.
I'm going to copy this just like that.
I'll paste it.
This time it won't ask me for my password then I'll go down to the third line which is the update
copy that and paste as well.
That'll just take us a few minutes.
OK that's done.
Now the last line is one that takes a long time to install someone to copy paste Precentor.
And I'll go have a cup of coffee and a little bit it says here after this operation we need 451 megabytes
of space.
I've got plenty of space so that's fine and I'll just say continue yes and I'll pause the video now
and be back in about 10 minutes.
At this point cold light has now been installed and the next video will run it and configure.